Tara McNamara's a good friend of mine
special injector right now here informal
adrift good guide the driver and always
understand we sang with his Irish accent
it's like be at home what I do for a
living bite
Tommy Milner is American LeMans driver
yeah real cool guy just one of them 24
hours and to buy but let's see how he
feels about being beaten by interesting
does a massive list of what we can do
you're looking at tire pressures
definitely just office tear literally
going in between everything I can do to
I can see seconds being knocked off I
pick Franz hands it's nice and close to
home and nice and far away for him no
matter what I'm doing and that super
bitter
I'm really mastering I want to be honest
Tom - is where I'm losing some of my
time
very realistic breaking point it feels
very good actually
I wasn't expecting to be so quick I'm
gonna be looking for an American LeMans
right Freddie sharply I think 42 3 oh
it's better than mine three times faster
I'm not to go in there and see if I can
beat that lap time Darren's on his lap
in the hot pursuit Pagani I shall pick
the the Lamborghini cop car and chase
him I'm gonna go in here and do a little
tuning so a softer spring soft a roll
bar or something like that would help me
get the car to turn better did not not
want to beat himself for me racing is
looking at a windscreen it and four
Darren's looking out of the side windows
over the curve kind of work that's just
a little slide that's exactly what I
want
I'm amazed how fast I'm going
I think that got all of our friends are
gonna see an auto log that I feet
there's lap time
three-one-seven can be be mind nothing
those in second I don't believe that
long ago best history if you guys want
to challenge me and auto log my username
is NFS underscore Tommy Milner check out
my latest times on Facebook
you